rises from guzmán tries to lower it jordi
alba leaves it short
squares could with robben squares just
of power with schnyder right hand
raised open like not being
importance this time that was with the
standing with the right hand iker squares
just showed again because it's
here but attention to the scare because it attacks
again speaking the robben ball
robben paired with sergio busquets has
touched the ball for van persie but of
the hand until I cut a single
penalty
come on let's give him a hug sr
Diego Costa trimmed perfect he went
out to put the hook with the
left and leave it for the leg
right they swept him to diego costa xabi
alonso that starts take race
we shoot
or not
to Spain
on
of all to what opens the score for
Spain
to throw them side looking for what value
just put go on silva
do not be docile in your search with the bike
capital for the photo what value had you
committed andrés iniesta the heart of
david silva area that you assume to act with
three central gods there is no outside
game
and van persie
in the back of the defense with a
ball as it was came to van persie
pulling the diagonal from the alley
of 8 and hit with the head above
of the goal of iker squares for the
tie on the scoreboard
and we are not knowing how to defend robben
that pricks her alone
he returns to eat Spain for the
center in the skirt of the two central
and this time they rob not like in soccer
city resolved with a record of magnificent
and he scored another goal to put by
ahead to holland on the scoreboard
again javier to the same story no
it means the central ones good ball
the pinch rubén quality marks the second
hub and there goes at the second post van
persie
and will be eaten almost does not go back to sea
squares I know he knows he needs
they go persie in the holy rhythm and what
does is take out yellow cardboard
captain of the Spanish national team there
dive a lot in the past time to
remember that three have not gotten
they put him here in brazil in maracana
starts the world cup Spain loses 13
javier herráez already with the subject nero very
complicated we see images in the
Spanish bench of despair and
We are very, very open in
iker defense box will want
the error of iker boxes that had already
made a rare stop throwing himself
ground a shot of van persie and
showing 34 this nervousness because it
went with the right leg to look for it and
now box is wrong and from what
way
the fourth for the Dutch team
good good good known to say that
otherwise the failure of iker the fourth
mayor or may be lost because
I was there but the feeling is
Horrible iker's lousy control with
the left leg the goal of van persie
and spain- that makes waters
headpieces hopefully not joined a
attention again to the against with robben
that is going to go in speed
they do not see that they are going to robben they are going to
robben that holds goes to the ground iker
too sold boxes already robben
for the belt
he gave it away again iker boxes and 7
hard to say but a thousand veteran
battles like iker boxes a man
that he wears in his jacket 130 and so many
internationalities today has
been a flan in this second half
Robben has just given us the lace on
descabello 51 wins holland
good still follow my body not my soul
not the fifth fifth of holland that
we can say that plays the good and the
Saturday plays the one they have not lost
still with the athletic one of madrid 26
bulls at the end the result is a bit
impostor are they somehow are
details has escaped us